README.md, before:

# workplace-communication-activity
#📘 Pseudo Code: Programming Firm Communication Using Operational Terms

# identify and fix the original operational term for each scrambled word

BEGIN
    FUNCTION MorningSyncMeeting()
        
        PRINT "Team Lead: Good morning team, let's review current system status."

        PRINT "SysAdmin: ALERT! The email server is NWDO since 2:00 AM."
        PRINT "Developer A: Understood. Let me GNPI the infra team for support."

        PRINT "QA Tester: There’s a GUB affecting the checkout button on mobile."
        PRINT "Developer B: I saw that too. Let's reproduce it in the OXNSADB environment first."

        PRINT "Team Lead: Confirm this is not affecting DORP?"
        PRINT "QA Tester: Correct, DORP is stable. Only OXNSADB shows the issue."

        PRINT "Developer A: I’ve written a XTFIOTH and pushed it to the staging branch."
        PRINT "SysAdmin: Great. We’ll apply the THCAP to the live server after approval."

        PRINT "Security Analyst: Also, I found traces of a RKOABODC in the old admin panel."
        PRINT "Developer B: That panel is a CYELGA module. We should plan to retire it soon."

        PRINT "Team Lead: Excellent updates. Continue monitoring and GNPI me for urgent issues."
    END FUNCTION

    CALL MorningSyncMeeting()
END

Commit message:

Added definition for 'patch' in README

README.md, after:

The term 'patch' means a small software update to fix an issue.

# workplace-communication-activity
#📘 Pseudo Code: Programming Firm Communication Using Operational Terms

# identify and fix the original operational term for each scrambled word

BEGIN
    FUNCTION MorningSyncMeeting()
        
        PRINT "Team Lead: Good morning team, let's review current system status."

        PRINT "SysAdmin: ALERT! The email server is NWDO since 2:00 AM."
        PRINT "Developer A: Understood. Let me GNPI the infra team for support."

        PRINT "QA Tester: There’s a GUB affecting the checkout button on mobile."
        PRINT "Developer B: I saw that too. Let's reproduce it in the OXNSADB environment first."

        PRINT "Team Lead: Confirm this is not affecting DORP?"
        PRINT "QA Tester: Correct, DORP is stable. Only OXNSADB shows the issue."

        PRINT "Developer A: I’ve written a XTFIOTH and pushed it to the staging branch."
        PRINT "SysAdmin: Great. We’ll apply the THCAP to the live server after approval."

        PRINT "Security Analyst: Also, I found traces of a RKOABODC in the old admin panel."
        PRINT "Developer B: That panel is a CYELGA module. We should plan to retire it soon."

        PRINT "Team Lead: Excellent updates. Continue monitoring and GNPI me for urgent issues."
    END FUNCTION

    CALL MorningSyncMeeting()
END
